do it
so today I'm going to show you how to
make delicious pizza buns so let's get
started
someone comes use oil pizza buns are
some milk butter
sparkling water sugar salt oregano and
spelt flour wheat flour yeast cheese
some pepperoni and some homemade tomato
sauce I already showed you a lot of
times and here how to make my tomato
sauce so just leave a link for my video
down below in my description so first
step is to mix my sparkling water
together with my yeast in a bowl
and then I'm going to add my melted
butter is sugar and salt
and then I'm going to hide in my cell
flower and again
and now you're going to add in my flour
gradually just about half a cup at a
time while my machine is stirring and
when I have used all of my flour and my
dough is nice and sticking I'm going to
take it aside cover it up and rise for
about one hour
so my dough is now done right here and
what I've got to do now is just to put
out on the table together with flour and
then just need for a minute or so and
then I've got to roll it out
so now that my dough is from I'm going
to turn on my oven to 180c Commissioner
and then I'm going to cut my dough into
some squares and then I'm going to add
on tomato sauce roni add cheese and then
I am going to close them up and put them
over to a baking sheet with baking paper
on and then I'm going to brush the
mousse of all and then sprinkle some
oregano on top and after I'm going to
place it in the oven for a good 10 to 12
minutes until they are golden brown and
delicious and
so I really hope you enjoy these
delicious and so so soft pizza box and
don't repeat yourself to skip down in my
description and you can find all the
ingredients out there and I hope you
want to subscribe to my channel here
because I have every single day and yeah
to see you all again tomorrow